What is it guys and Oakmark so as in the video we work with or this Web site we install word person
it.
And if you are not willing to buy web hosting right now or if you think that you should not invest then
and you are here for just learning purposes then you have another option and that is to get the hosting
for free and also the domain name but this is not recommended by me cause your that is the free web
hosting and free web hosting servers can not support much traffic so that after when your website will
receive some traffic your website will be suspended by them and they will basically suspend your account
and you cannot access your website.
OK so that is why your account will be deleted and your date data will be deleted.
That is why I would highly recommend you to go with this professional matter invest just $150 and that
is only for three years.
You dont have to invest it after that but if you still don't want to invest right now then you have
another option and that is to go over the next dot.com.
So it is the next dot.com does not work.
Crome I don't know why they must have some problem.
You can go with the Internet Explorer and you can just create your account there.
So let's go ahead and let's get to cynics dot com.
OK.
And then this website gives you free web hosting and a free domain name.
So let's go down.
And here we can see that we have a button that says register now I have to just click this and it's
going to take me down.
I have to basically sign up right now here.
So the domain name that I'm going to be registering that be my great site.
OK.
So my you are really getting to be my creed tell you that it isn't dot com.
My password is going to be this and my e-mail address is going to be this.
OK now I have to enter the capture
0 see nine three three.
Let's go ahead and sign up.
And there we go.
You can see that it sees an activation e-mail has now been sent to the e-mail address.
Please click the activation link in the e-mail to activate this account.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to open up my mail account.
I'm going to go to Outlook
and
let's go to there.
Let's see if we have received that e-mail.
So we haven't received that e-mail right here.
I'm going to go to the junk e-mail to check if I have received any email in the junk section.
OK.
I haven't received the e-mail yet.
OK let's get him here.
And you can see that it says if you have not received that e-mail after 10 minutes please click here
to rescind that e-mail.
So it hasn't been 10 minutes you have to wait approximately 10 minutes.
Make sure to keep keep check keep a check on your debts and your junk items as well.
OK.
So you Vold receiving Electress offers some time.
So let's wait.
OK so here you go you can see that it says it in dot.com activation link.
So give me that e-mail right after like four minutes approximate.
OK.
I'm going to go and I'm going to hit those and her go can see place clicked on the link below to activate
your account.
I'm going to go head I'm going to hit this and my account should be activated.
So it is authenticating it is initializing the user name.
You have to wait.
User name has been created.
You have to wait till everything is done.
It is installing the Apache speed.
Wait wait till it is done.
If don't don't don't just close this tab and don't do anything wrong.
Otherwise you're saying the site won't load OK.
So you can see that it says DNS zone created and everything.
So let's wait and let's see.
So this is stuck.
OK.
This is this is this usually happens to free web hosting.
Basically I use I don't know why but since they are giving you everything for free that is why their
servers are also not so good.
OK.
So you can see that if this doesn't load then go and check your meal.
Not close this tab until your account is fully active.
You can see that it says your new hosting account.
Make sure that you copy your you are real OK and then paste the trade here and see if your website Lote's
OK.
You can see that it says congratulations.
Your account has been activated.
Log into the sea battle to make some edits.
If this window does not come do not close this window.
OK.
Since this is coming this means that our Web site is totally done and we can close this up.
And now we have to log into our sea battle.
So how we are going to log in we have to copy the panel you are l.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to base this you are Al.
Here we go.
I'm going to copy my user name
and now here I'm going to copy my password so I have to paste it right here.
OK.
I'm going to go in and I'm going to get log in.
And here we go you can see that I am in the C panel here.
I can manage everything.
What I have to do I have it go down and here I see the soft calculus apps installer and the software
up and I have to just open this up and it's going to open a new window and we have to install WordPress
basically into our sea battle or in our domain name.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here I'm going to hit install and this WordPress should
be installed.
And it can see that the domain name is coming might create side.
Ideas in stock.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to choose the root directory because I want to install it on
the root directory or the main directory so that if someone visits this page he should see or press
right here.
We have our say name.
You can enter your site name here.
That should be like this.
You can see that if Hoover memos you can see it says this site name consider Amaan and just another
WordPress Web site is the tag line.
OK.
So you can see that site name and site description is going to be my blog my wordpress blog.
And then we have the Edmon username and password.
So I'm going to choose the Edmon username to be this and the password is going to be this.
OK.
You can enter your e-mail address here.
You have to go down down and you have to hit install now and it should be installed right now.
OK.
So you have to wait for like 10 seconds or five seconds.
Her Go.
You can see that it says congratulations.
The software was installed successfully.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to open up in a new tab.
Or you can just come here and refreshed this window.
Here we go we can see that it says my blog my wordpress blog and here it is this and this.
So this is totally same and everything is same but there is a difference between servers and everything.
If this site goes live and people started visiting this Web site like FBN real words or hundred viewers
per day comes this way.
This Web site this Web site is going to go down and if thousand and more than thousand or hundred thousand
viewers come to this Web site.
This web site is never going to go down.
So there is a difference between the need web hosting and the free web hosting that is why I would recommend
you to go with the main domain name your perfect domain name and instead of this one.
OK.
So let's go ahead and let's log into the see panel.
Let's let me show you how this is going to work.
OK.
Have we just entered the W.P. dash.
Am I.
OK.
It's going to take you to the new page.
And here we have to enter the username so my user name is going to be deaths and my password would be
this
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to log in and it's going to log me into my dashboard so you can
see that this is how my dashboard is looking.
OK.
Let me just close this window and decided that was Val
So you can see that this is how am I to say is looking.
Everything is exactly same as this.
OK if I just open this up you can see that this and this is totally same side of this title and this
title.
OK so you can change your title.
I'm going to show you an in depth of the overview of where press water everything what are post media
pages appear in each is different.
How can you customize your team.
What are the widgets.
What are the menus What are the header and what are the plugins users tools settings and something like
that.
OK so I'm going to show you each and everything in this course.
So Stadion guys and by.